OK, I see.
I just had someone inquire.
This passerby really didn't die
How is that possible?
I also got news
This passerby wants to conduct business
To take away everything that was lost before
That being the case
Then I will accompany them to the end
Then he has such low self-esteem.
Why don't you rest tonight?
Silly woman
When are you going to propose marriage to our family?
I'll tell you what.
If you don't propose marriage again
My aunt will let me be so bored again
Don't worry tonight.
Lu Ran is just a waste
He's no match for me at all
passerby
I didn't expect me to be Zhang Sen
Standing safely in front of you again
Zhang Sen, you didn't expect it, did you?
With my two Anshan
I'm fine too
Except for Mingda
Zhang Sen, you seem to be interested in the wasteland in the west of the city
bound to win